if game.Players:FindFirstChild("todayisscp1001") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end

if game.Players:FindFirstChild("PLAYER NAME HERE") then
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer:Kick("YOU'VE BEEN BLACKLISTED | BALLI HUB")
end
